Hi Tel-up style is a pleasure
Now let me tell you today that Scale Image
How to cross
Coming from two small images deurilkka I'd known for a way to capture
Here you see in the first folder in the control bits Matt then in Elk app folder folder
If you look inside the monster folder
If you have kids like you and now you have ooo right now,
In the folder that finds images of 30 reps on the screen .
4 and
5 folders image heroes manage to go one rep to find an image on one rep yo
Folder
Mostly now when I replace it, I say that this is the second folder image
To modify the main Iooked
There are those who can not do it .
So let's take a look at the existing folder then the club.
If you have a file then you need to change the two.
What language is that two characters s1 claw profile
After that,
In order
Find the image first
First, the image tatjyo where somewhere here in this
If you give me a ride, stop and look for this image.
I'm looking for s1 before finding the next one club chair is why
What requirements 2
Haejusimyeon but it is doing now, if you like yimoyang Can I taechung less the same size
If you see
What
55 20 squad Yes it will be defeated 55 20 squad
Well, where's the ball just over the onc
Something like this
The second coat should also look at what you want to change again. Oh that Zion
That's it.
Now, if you have an image like this one,
There's something you need to do.
Let you see the images should see better do a good starting point begins one did
Yes. 1 I'll see my size at almost the end . 51 55 to 30.
55 to 30, so when you capture
If you look at the number 1 in the alphabet, there will be one border on the outside
It is.
5 can start in the last part .
If you do this in the same way, report 15 to 30
like this
You can do this with image capture.
I'll tell you again.
You have to modify two things, first modify s1
Then you will be able to modify 1 clove.
I'll first look for s1 and then find it.
You understood.
Now Then I'll tell you how to capture skiing
In the case of skel
i'll check it out
There are two things.
There are 8 self-defeats , and there's 802.
You need two skills.
How did Capture work ?
Please turn off the skill first .
You do not need to capture it. You have to activate it and capture it.
Because I've used it.
Let's see the jujube 4
When the image size is doing something in 2848 or 3333 what 47
Well, just in the vocabulary between 4 this point
Do it
In this state that is activated, the capture is activated
How did you do this now that KoolTime is back, Global KoolTime goes around
Getting more and more from the middle dance
The whole one what was drawn more and more and to do this kind Joe
Now, you have to get rid of it as much as possible.
You will be avoided
You can see the border . Get out of the white new white line.
About one or two
Abr 2
Because it is the upper side, please open the main compartment from the right side of sweat.
It does not matter if the size is too big.
Well in 30
1 54 2
Doubles 30 times right
I want to be number one.
Then, if you did it now , you should be with Dili .
delay
If you look at Delay, you will see that each skill
each
It's time to use it yesterday.
What jeorido and 7 seconds
Preferably,
When you see the skill
Zoids. Just the same. - Zeltem starts.
Rather it is captured Haeju jabaegi to have you stand at about nine objects from the 9
Girl
When the margin of a little time doing lift Yes 73 seconds.stop first start
Then I wait for 6 seconds
Let's do this part six seconds when you do this part
Likewise 31 something
Like this
Do you understand?
uh
for now
So o'clock on what you want to try again but once again is not a question
Please
I'm just going back to here.
I go back to here, but I do not get the skills .
Simply
Well, I'm gonna finish the tv here.